[settings]
arch=x86_64
build_type=Release
compiler=gcc
compiler.cppstd=14
compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11
compiler.version=13
os=Linux
[options]
boost/*:without_log= True
boost/*:without_mpi= True
boost/*:without_url= True
boost/*:without_json= True
boost/*:without_math= True
boost/*:without_test= True
boost/*:without_wave= True
boost/*:without_fiber= True
boost/*:without_graph= True
boost/*:without_regex= True
boost/*:without_timer= True
boost/*:without_chrono= True
boost/*:without_cobalt= True
boost/*:without_locale= True
boost/*:without_python= True
boost/*:without_random= True
boost/*:without_thread= True
boost/*:without_context= True
boost/*:without_process= True
boost/*:without_charconv= True
boost/*:without_contract= True
boost/*:without_container= True
boost/*:without_coroutine= True
boost/*:without_date_time= True
boost/*:without_exception= True
boost/*:without_iostreams= True
boost/*:without_type_erasure= True
boost/*:without_serialization= True
boost/*:without_program_options= True
