[settings]
os=Windows
arch=x86_64
compiler=msvc
compiler.version=194
compiler.runtime=dynamic
build_type=Release
compiler.cppstd=17
[options]
tinyxml2/*:shared=False
opencv/*:ml= False
opencv/*:dnn= False
opencv/*:gapi= False
opencv/*:flann= False
opencv/*:photo= False
opencv/*:video= False
opencv/*:calib3d= False
opencv/*:videoio= False
opencv/*:with_png= False
opencv/*:imgcodecs= False
opencv/*:objdetect= False
opencv/*:stitching= False
opencv/*:with_tiff= False
opencv/*:with_webp= False
opencv/*:with_quirc= False
opencv/*:with_ffmpeg= False
opencv/*:with_openexr= False
#opencv/*:with_wayland= False
opencv/*:with_protobuf= False
opencv/*:with_flatbuffers= False
opencv/*:with_imgcodec_hdr= False
opencv/*:with_imgcodec_pfm= False
opencv/*:with_imgcodec_pxm= False
opencv/*:with_imgcodec_sunraster= False
#gdal/*:fPIC=True
gdal/*:with_curl=False
gdal/*:with_geos=False
gdal/*:with_lerc=False
gdal/*:with_arrow=False
gdal/*:with_qhull=False
gdal/*:with_libcsf=False
gdal/*:with_opencl=False
gdal/*:with_sqlite3=False
gdal/*:with_libiconv=False
gdal/*:with_shapelib=False
gdal/*:with_libdeflate=False
glog/*:shared=True
glog/*:with_gflags=False