[settings]
os=Linux
arch=x86_64
compiler=gcc
compiler.version=13
compiler.libcxx=libstdc++
compiler.cppstd=14
build_type=Debug
[options]
tinyxml2:shared=False
opencv:ml= False
opencv:dnn= False
opencv:gapi= False
opencv:flann= False
opencv:photo= False
opencv:video= False
opencv:calib3d= False
opencv:videoio= False
opencv:with_png= False
opencv:imgcodecs= False
opencv:objdetect= False
opencv:stitching= False
opencv:with_tiff= False
opencv:with_webp= False
opencv:with_quirc= False
opencv:with_ffmpeg= False
opencv:with_openexr= False
opencv:with_wayland= False
opencv:with_protobuf= False
opencv:with_flatbuffers= False
opencv:with_imgcodec_hdr= False
opencv:with_imgcodec_pfm= False
opencv:with_imgcodec_pxm= False
opencv:with_imgcodec_sunraster= False
gdal:fPIC=True
gdal:with_curl=False
gdal:with_geos=False
gdal:with_lerc=False
gdal:with_arrow=False
gdal:with_qhull=False
gdal:with_libcsf=False
gdal:with_opencl=False
gdal:with_sqlite3=False
gdal:with_libiconv=False
gdal:with_shapelib=False
gdal:with_libdeflate=False
boost:without_log= True
boost:without_mpi= True
boost:without_url= True
boost:without_json= True
boost:without_math= True
boost:without_test= True
boost:without_wave= True
boost:without_fiber= True
boost:without_graph= True
boost:without_regex= True
boost:without_timer= True
boost:without_chrono= True
boost:without_cobalt= True
boost:without_locale= True
boost:without_python= True
boost:without_random= True
boost:without_thread= True
boost:without_context= True
boost:without_process= True
boost:without_charconv= True
boost:without_contract= True
boost:without_container= True
boost:without_coroutine= True
boost:without_date_time= True
boost:without_exception= True
boost:without_iostreams= True
boost:without_type_erasure= True
boost:without_serialization= True
boost:without_program_options= True
dcmtk:wide_io=True
dcmtk:default_dict=builtin
dcmtk:builtin_dictionary=True
dcmtk:with_openssl=False
boost:shared=False
glog:shared=True
[build_requires]
[env]
